chore: Standardize pipeline optimization service name (#1106)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-25.3/enterprise/groundswell-kubernetes.md

---
title: "Pipeline optimization: Kubernetes"
description: Deploy pipeline optimization on Kubernetes
date: "12 Apr 2023"
tags: [kubernetes, groundswell, pipeline optimization, deployment]
---

> This guide describes how to deploy the pipeline optimization service (internally referred to as Groundswell) for Seqera Platform Enterprise on Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes how to deploy the pipeline optimization service (referred to as `groundswell` in the configuration file) for Seqera Platform Enterprise on Kubernetes.
```
